You're crazy.
As I always say
People who do not love their relatives
Not with grass and wood.
Don't be impious
Waste of human skin
I can't believe you're so cruel.
Li Wenxiao, is your heart made of stone?
Just for today.
Even though I'm cold to you
But in the end I owe you.
You can only kneel for me.
The ceremony of three kneeling nine knocks
I will forgive you this time.
What the hell are you?
It's worth my husband kneeling for you.
Why am I his mother?
With a piece of shit, a piece of my urine pulls him up.
Because I'm hungry for him to learn.
Because I lost 20 years of my life.
In exchange for his life.
Li Wenxiao, didn't you tell me you were an orphan?
Column
You explain it clearly to me.
What the hell is this?
Little animal, you've been lying to us all this time.
She's my mother.
My mother raised me for 20 years.
But I didn't ask you to raise me.
You're already poor like this.
And you picked me up.
Do you know how your poverty ruined my life?
Van Hieu
I don't care about my own safety.
To save you from the flood.
Raising you as an adult
I have no hesitation in losing 20 years of my life.
Give you a chance to live.
You paid him a lot.
Aren't you afraid he won't appreciate it later?
No, I believe that Van Hieu is a filial child.
But now you're doing it to me.
My heart hurts.
Am I begging you to save me?
You want me to live in this world.
If the other person's parents are not prime ministers
If not the general.
People's children are born to be able to enjoy the rich glory.
But what about me? What can you give me?
Just a rude country girl.
Only know that in a small place in Lac Phuong village selling tofu curd.
What do I compare with others?